README.md, before:

![hxACME](TITLE.svg)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/moonhappy/hxscene.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/moonhappy/hxscene)

Some description about the project...

_**NOTE:** It is recommend to copy this repository contents and have it as a basis for the new Haxe Library. Be sure to run a global find of "acme" and "template" first and replace with the new project's name. Also, be sure to update the build badge in this README.md document._

# Testing

You have the option to run the project unit tests in the following ways:

- Directly from Visual Studio Code as a HXCPP build; or
- From CLI.

## Testing: Visual Studio Code

The project has the Visual Studio Code `.vscode` configuration pre-defined so that building and running the project in debug mode is enabled "out-of-the-box". Simply pressing `F5` will initiate a build and run the unit tests in debug mode, which will exercise the project source code and allow runtime inspection using break-points. However, some inital configuration is needed first (assuming Haxe has already been installed):

1. Install the [Haxe Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vshaxe.haxe-extension-pack) extension in VS Code.
2. Install hxcpp: `haxelib install hxcpp`
3. Install utest: `haxelib install utest`
4. Install cpp debug server: `haxelib install hxcpp-debug-server`
5. Run "HXCPP: Setup" from VS Code command palette (`F1` or `CMD+SHIFT+P`)
6. Restart VS Code (just to be safe), then hit `F5` to initiate build and debug run of the unit tests

After the inital steps are completed, you don't need do these steps again.

## Testing: CLI

Running unit tests via the CLI will not have the advantage of debugging support, but are a quick and easy solution to validate the project using the unit tests. Likewise, it allows continuous integration solutions a means to build and test the project.

To run unit tests on the CLI, simply enter the following in Terminal:
```sh
haxe test.hxml
```

Commit message:

code doc generation and moved src into package structure

README.md, after:

![hxACME](TITLE.svg)

[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/moonhappy/hxscene)](https://travis-ci.com/moonhappy/hxscene)
[![Haxelib Version](https://badgen.net/haxelib/v/hxscene?color=blue)](https://lib.haxe.org/p/hxscene)
[![Haxelib Downloads](https://badgen.net/haxelib/d/hxscene?color=blue)](https://lib.haxe.org/p/hxscene)
[![Haxelib License](https://badgen.net/haxelib/license/hxscene?color=blue)](LICENSE)

Some description about the project...

_**NOTE:** It is recommend to copy this repository contents and have it as a basis for the new Haxe Library. Be sure to run a global find of "acme" and "template" first and replace with the new project's name. Also, be sure to update the build badge in this README.md document._

# Testing

You have the option to run the project unit tests in the following ways:

- Directly from Visual Studio Code as a HXCPP build; or
- From CLI.

## Testing: Visual Studio Code

The project has the Visual Studio Code `.vscode` configuration pre-defined so that building and running the project in debug mode is enabled "out-of-the-box". Simply pressing `F5` will initiate a build and run the unit tests in debug mode, which will exercise the project source code and allow runtime inspection using break-points. However, some inital configuration is needed first (assuming Haxe has already been installed):

1. Install the [Haxe Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vshaxe.haxe-extension-pack) extension in VS Code.
2. Install hxcpp: `haxelib install hxcpp`
3. Install utest: `haxelib install utest`
4. Install cpp debug server: `haxelib install hxcpp-debug-server`
5. Run "HXCPP: Setup" from VS Code command palette (`F1` or `CMD+SHIFT+P`)
6. Restart VS Code (just to be safe), then hit `F5` to initiate build and debug run of the unit tests

After the inital steps are completed, you don't need do these steps again.

## Testing: CLI

Running unit tests via the CLI will not have the advantage of debugging support, but are a quick and easy solution to validate the project using the unit tests. Likewise, it allows continuous integration solutions a means to build and test the project.

To run unit tests on the CLI, simply enter the following in Terminal:
```sh
haxe test.hxml
```

# Generate Code Documents

HTML documentation of the code will be automatically generated using Travis CI build system (see the `.travis.yml` build config for details). So the following is only really needed for local drafting and review of the documentation output.

Standard code documentation can be generated by running the `gen-docs.hxml` build configuration. This will create the code document XML file and HTML files using [Dox](https://github.com/HaxeFoundation/dox) (be sure to install Dox first before running the following hxml). 

Run the following on CLI to generate the Haxe XML doc file:
```sh
haxe gen-docs.hxml
```
